we start this news hour with breaking
news out of Northern Gaza where at least
four Palestinians have been killed
others have been injured in Israeli
shelling that struck the main unro
building the facility had been turned
into a warehouse for What Little Aid had
been able to get into Gaza hundreds of
displaced Palestinians had also been
taking shelter there Israel's attack
targeted the compound's main gate
causing tremendous destruction
we were sitting peacefully and all of a
sudden we were hit by a missile and many
were killed I ran out searching for the
rest I found my eldest son injured the
youngest trapped under the debris and
those dead bodies lying there what wrong
did these innocent children do we are
running from Death towards death young
men and women are slaughtered by the
Israelis this is a relief distribution
hundreds of displaced civilians taking
Refuge without warning an Israeli War
Plane fired missiles on us half a dozen
were killed and more than 10 others
injured let's speak now to T abum he
joins us live from Dar balah so a strike
an honorous main distribution building
what does the aftermath look
like well generally as we all see the
attack that was carried out in one of
the main headquarters of the United
Nations belief and walks agency in Gaza
the situation there sounds really dire
as this place has been previously
stormed by the Israeli military in the
initial months of the Israeli military
incursion in the another part of the
Gaza Strip and yet the the place has
been witnessing more attacks by the
Israeli fighter jets that Target the
place where at least four Palestinians
have been killed till now um a number of
of others have been also wounded being
transferred to the Baptist Hospital to
get medical treatment there but the
reality is that this place after being
stormed by the Israeli forces has turned
to be an aid Warehouse where the vast
majority of Palestinians in the north of
the trip have been waiting and lining up
for long hours in the front of the gates
that were today just destroyed uh in
order to get some parle of food and they
can also getting all kinds of of
humanitarian supplies from that area now
Palestinians won't be able to get aid
from that point again as Israel
continues to ban the inry of eight
supplies to the another part of Gaza
which in turn will exate the already
aggravating humanitarian crisis but the
repeated attacks against United Nations
they're not only targeting the UN
headquarters but they have targeting un
run schools alongside even with the
clinics and uh medical centers uh since
October the 7th which means that Israel
is upscaling attacks against
humanitarian organizations that working
on the ground to help Palestinians who
are in a very desperate need for all
sorts of help
Sammy thk earlier you and I were talking
about increasing reports of malnutrition
in the midst of that we're now getting
reports about food Aid
rotting a distribution points what's
happening well uh generally as we know
that the Israeli military operation in
Rafa was completely a big blow for all
humanitarian operations on the ground
all kinds of Airway getting through Rafa
and K Abu Salam borders now with the
full Israeli operational control over
those two points no Aid are get is
getting into Gaza alongside that there
are still hundreds of humanitarian TRS
lined on the Egyptian side of the Border
waiting for a confirmation to get into
the strip but from the northern part
what is getting there is only at a very
limited number of humanitarian eight TRS
that are loaded with medical supplies
for already uh collapsed hospitals in
the north of the strip and at the same
time people are not getting much of what
they're really in desperate need for
despite the international court of
justice resolution for Israel that they
must B the way for B the way for all
kind of humanitarian Aid to get into
this trip and even pre ra operation what
was getting into the Gaza Strip in best
scenarios were were around uh more than
170 humanitarian at TRS on daily basis
that cannot match the EM needs of gaza's
population while gaza's government media
office said that at least the The
besieged Enclave is a very desperate
need for at least 1,000 humanitarian
atro bday in order to help Palestinians
to cope with the deadly consequences of
this ongoing genocide on their
territory and that was t abum for us
from derah
Gaza make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer